Update community resources for migration guides (#11376)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-sveltekit.mdx

## Community Resources

<CardGrid>

  <LinkCard title="Rewriting my blog from SvelteKit to Astro" href="https://kharann.com/blog/rewriting-my-blog/"/>

</CardGrid>

:::note[Have a resource to share?]

> If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a SvelteKit site to Astro, edit this page and add it here!

Author: ```suggestion
If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a SvelteKit site to Astro, [add it to this list](https://github.com/withastro/docs/edit/main/src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-sveltekit.mdx)!
```
